2012 - Making Games with Python and Pygame
https://www.amazon.com/Making-Games-Python-Pygame-Sweigart/dp/1469901730?ie=UTF8&tag=playwithpyth-20&linkCode=as2&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=0982106017

2012 Think Python: How to Think Like a Computer Scientist
http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkpython/thinkpython.html

2014  Python for Informatics: Exploring Information: Exploring Information 
https://www.amazon.com/Python-Informatics-Exploring-Information-ebook/dp/B00K0O8HFQ

2013 - Python Geospatial Development - Second Edition 
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/python-geospatial-development-second-edition

2014 Python® Scripting for ArcGIS®
https://esripress.esri.com/bookResources/index.cfm?event=catalog.book&id=9

2014 Python Pocket Reference
http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920028338.do

2014 - Python for Scientists
https://www.cambridge.org/core/books/python-for-scientists/E5CBE088065279A607A18673622AD89D

2014 - Test-Driven Development with Python: Obey the Testing Goat: Using Django, Selenium, and JavaScript
https://www.amazon.com/Test-Driven-Development-Python-Selenium-JavaScript/dp/1449364829

2015 Learning Geospatial Analysis with Python - Second Edition
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/learning-geospatial-analysis-python-second-edition

2015 Mastering pandas
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/mastering-pandas

2015 - Django Design Patterns and Best Practices
https://www.amazon.com/Django-Design-Patterns-Best-Practices/dp/1783986646

2016 - Deep Learning (Adaptive Computation and Machine Learning series)
https://www.amazon.com/Deep-Learning-Adaptive-Computation-Machine/dp/0262035618/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1472485235&sr=8-1&keywords=deep+learning+book

2016 - Advanced Machine Learning with Python
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/advanced-machine-learning-python

2016 - Expert Python Programming
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/expert-python-programming-second-edition

2016 - Learning Python for Forensics
https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/learning-python-forensics

2016 - Python For Everybody-Exploring Data Using Python 3
https://www.amazon.com/Python-Everybody-Exploring-Data/dp/1530051126

2016 - Django Project BluePrints
https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/django-project-blueprints

2017 - Fundamentals Of Python
https://www.amazon.com/Fundamentals-Python-Programs-Introduction-Programming-ebook/dp/B00B7JJ43C

2017 - Learn Python In 7 Days
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/learn-python-7-days

2018 - Django 2 by Example
https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/django-2-example

2017 - Beginning Django Web Application Development and Deployment with Python
https://www.apress.com/br/book/9781484227862

2018 - Building Django 2.0 Web Applications
https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/building-django-20-web-applications
